here is a very long story I had already turned down an offer of
enlist in the cia in my senior year of college but afterwards
when I could no longer postpone my military service
I remembered that I could do it in the context of the CIA with a certain sense
I acted like an opportunist but it seemed much more interesting and
stimulating and taking part in covert operations and working within the
secret services that do not peel potatoes and wash dishes under the arms even the
the romantic factor naturally had a certain weight and above all I did
was very interested in international business in the cia there are
career officers like me who have the job of directing others
people from various activities these people are called agents i would say i
salaries are very good more than respectable but beyond what you
earns salary then there are almost unlimited expenses paid by the CIA
now my salary was paid to me through the department of
state that he was officially a diplomat but the money to pay him
agents I got it from the administrative officer inside
of the embassy where the CIA offices were located
he had a safe full of cash
I took out the money and divided it into the wages of the people I paid
each pay in an envelope that I slipped into my pocket to then deliver to people
when I saw it on a street corner or inside a car and night depending on
the type of operation
when na in latin america in 1960 the cia program was to try to
stopping the spread of the influence of the urban revolution is one of the ways in which
we worked against cuba it was trying to infiltrate them
embassies through hidden microphones or by recruiting employees
Cubans and also trying to induce all the governments of Latin America to
interrupt diplomatic and commercial relations with cuba when i was living in
Latin America and I saw every day the poverty and suffering of the great
majority of the population I began to realize and eventually
I decided that the liberal reforms are not a fraud in Latin America
the only way in which the populations of Latin America will be able to change the
their society and through the armed struggle for the non-through the program
of liberal reforms backed by the United States during the early years in which
I lived
I will not vote for it, no intention of having any active role against fiat
after a while with the war in vietnam that many but goes etcetera
I thought if I wrote a book telling about my work in the cia
this would help Americans understand how it happened with the states
united they had intervened in vietnam I wanted to make a contribution to the movement
against the war in vietnam so I decided to write a black
the eu has shrunk the worst enemy i ever dealt with either
was the cia itself there were no dangerous friends but the danger is
took over since i left china since i started writing books
CIA articles got a ruling from a Washington federal court
according to which I raise all my members subject to censorship by the CIA
prior to publication this is clearly a reflection of the
Reagan's new policy to tighten the ropes of security in the government of
make it much harder for reporters and other people to know
what's really going on